How is this?
Waiter!
Ah, that's fine.
It suits you
I'll wear this for the bridal photo later.
Why are you stunned?
You are my woman
I can read it however I want
Ouyang photographer is ready to start at any time
Okay, let's go, let's go
Shit used to follow us like a dog
Now we know that our family is in trouble
They're all fucking dumb
Master, you dog is close to me
Hahaha
Do you think I'm just like you idiots?
Ah, did you try the bank at the time?
The Shijia is now facing bankruptcy
No fucking bank will lend us
It's all Lu Yao's fault
Didn't give me face at the Chamber of Commerce
Come on, what is this look back?
I don't know this ghost hand
He doesn't do things for no reason
There must be some misunderstanding.
No, I must find Mr. Ghost Hand
Even if you ask
I also asked him to accept me as a disciple
In that case
You can make a comeback